README.md, before:

# Framework Laptop 16 - LED Matrix Input Module

This webapp can directly connect to the LED matrix input module.
You need to be running (a browser based on) Chrome.

To start, simply open the index.html - there is no server to run.

Then use the connect button to connect. Drawing on the screen should
automatically update the LED matrix.

Click and drag to draw, CTRL+click to erase.

Brightness can also be adjusted.

###### More Information

- [Framework Laptop 16](https://frame.work/products/laptop16-diy-amd-7040)
- [LED Matrix Firmware](https://github.com/FrameworkComputer/inputmodule-rs)
- [LED Matrix Hardware](https://github.com/FrameworkComputer/inputmodules)

###### Dot Matrix Tool

This repository is based on code from https://github.com/stefangordon/dotmatrixtool.
See also http://dotmatrixtool.com

## Hosting

The application is hosted on Cloudflare Pages and automatically deployed to
production when code is pushed to the `usbserial` branch and to preview
application when a pull request is opened.

Commit message:

chore: revise README
expands on it a little bit and adds some more info

README.md, after:

# Framework Laptop 16 LED Matrix Input Module

[View it in your browser.](https://ledmatrix.frame.work)

This little web app can directly connect to the Framework Laptop 16 LED matrix
input module. You need to be running a browser based on Chrome (Edge, Chromium,
Opera, etc.).

To start, simply open `index.html`. There is no server to run. If you want, you
can boot a simple web server with Python: `python3 -m http.server`

Use the "Connect Left" and "Connect Right" buttons to connect to each
respective input module. Draw on each input browser in your browser, and it
will automatically update the LED matrix.

Click and drag to draw, CTRL + click to erase.

Brightness can also be adjusted using the slider.

## More Information

- [Framework Laptop 16](https://frame.work/products/laptop16-diy-amd-7040)
- [LED Matrix Firmware](https://github.com/FrameworkComputer/inputmodule-rs)
- [LED Matrix Hardware](https://github.com/FrameworkComputer/inputmodules)

## Dot Matrix Tool

This repository is based on code from https://github.com/stefangordon/dotmatrixtool.
See also http://dotmatrixtool.com

## Hosting

The application is hosted on Cloudflare Pages and automatically deployed to
production when code is pushed to the `usbserial` branch and to preview
application when a pull request is opened.

## Contributing

Contrirbutions are welcome. Submit pull requests to the `usbserial` branch.
